{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Thorndale{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Albany{\*\falt Arial};}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset2 OpenSymbol{\*\falt Arial Unicode MS};}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead0\hyphtrail0\hyphmax0}\cf0\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon30\snext29\sb240\sa283\keepn\b\afs44\ab\loch\f4\fs48 Heading 1;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Endnote Characters;}
{\*\cs16\snext16 Footnote Characters;}
{\*\cs17\snext17\cf2\ul\ulc0 Internet Link;}
{\*\cs18\snext18\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 Bullets;}
{\*\cs19\snext19\b\ab Strong Emphasis;}
{\*\cs20\snext20\i\ai Emphasis;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext29\sb0\sa283\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw7\brdrcf3\brsp0\fs12 Horizontal Line;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext22\i Sender;}
{\s23\sbasedon29\snext23\sb0\sa283 Table Contents;}
{\s24\sbasedon0\snext24\tqc\tx4818\tqr\tx9637\noline Footer;}
{\s25\sbasedon0\snext25\tqc\tx4818\tqr\tx9637\noline Header;}
{\s26\sbasedon0\snext26\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
{\s27\sbasedon0\snext27\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s28\sbasedon29\snext28\sb0\sa283\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s29\sbasedon0\snext29\sb0\sa283 Text Body;}
{\s30\sbasedon0\snext29\sb240\sa283\keepn\afs28\loch\f5\fs28 Heading;}
}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li707}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li1414}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li2121}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li2828}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li3535}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li4242}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li4949}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li5656}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f6\dbch\af6\fi-283\li6363}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}\listid2}
}{\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\*\generator LibreOffice/4.4.1.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/45e2de17089c24a1fa810c8f975a7171ba4cd432}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt1 Endnote;}
{\pgdsc2\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgdscnxt2 HTML;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno2}\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr567\margt567\margb567\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Snapfish takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy describes exactly how Snapfish uses the Customer Information, defined below, that we collect from our customers. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Snapfish" means Snapfish2 LLC and any successors to the assets or business of Snapfish2 LLC and a "customer" is a person who uses the Snapfish Service (as defined below) or engages with us via our web site, located at }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.snapfish.com/" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
www.snapfish.com}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, our native apps and any mobile platform (the "Site"). If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://support.snapfish.com/cgi-bin/snapfish.cfg/php/xml_api/cci/answer_redirect.php?p_answer_label=customerservice&brand=3&brandHost=www1.snapfish.com" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Customer Service}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 department. This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 1, 2015.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
By using the services made available by Snapfish via the Site ("Snapfish Service"), you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information in the manner described below. If we decide to change the manner in which we use Customer Information, we will notify you via a post on this page. Please check this page from time to time for changes to make sure you are kept up-to-date on our use of the information collected from our customers.}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
In this Privacy Policy, you will find the answers to the following questions: }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#1" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What Customer Information does Snapfish collect?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#2" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
How does Snapfish use Customer Information?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#3" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
With whom does Snapfish share Customer Information?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#4" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Who sees your photos after they have been posted online?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#5" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Does Snapfish send text messages?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#6" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Does Snapfish use non-personally identifiable information?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#7" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What are the safeguards and security procedures in place to protect your Information from loss, misuse, or alteration?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#8" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
How can you update or correct Customer Information?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#9" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What about International visitors or transfers of information?}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#10" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Other information about privacy}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What Customer Information does Snapfish collect?}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Customer Information is defined as identifiable information regarding our customers, such as name, address, or email address. The type of information we request depends upon the type of service you are using.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
For example:}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
When you want to upload digital pictures or view others' pictures on the Site, we will ask you to provide your first and last name, an email address and a password. We will use this information to create your account so that you can maintain all of your Snapfish activity in a centralized area. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We will collect the pictures that you upload from your computer or from your social media pages, as well as the information about your social media pages.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
When you want to share your pictures with others ("Invitees"), we will ask for email addresses and mobile phone numbers of your Invitees. You must ensure that all images shared comply with our }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "file:///termsAndConditions" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Terms of Use}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
. Namely, you must only share photos where you have the appropriate rights to the images and you have reasonable grounds for believing that the people pictured in the photos would consent to their images being shared. Further, you must only provide the email addresses and mobile phone numbers of your Invitees when you have the Invitees' consent or your relationship is such that the Invitee would consent to receiving the email or being contacted by phone. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
When you complete a purchase from Snapfish, we will ask you to provide shipping and billing information so that we can fulfill your request. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
When you contact us, we will collect your name and e-mail address in order to respond to your questions or concerns.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You also give information when you answer survey questions and organize your photos on Snapfish with titles, captions, categories, etc.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We or our service providers may also collect information relating to your devices, including your device model, operating system, browser type, unique device identifier, IP address, mobile phone number, mobile network carrier, location, and event information (such as application installations). This information may be personally identifiable, or non-personally identifiable. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Snapfish may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access the Site through a third-party connection or log in, for example, that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Snapfish. As mentioned below, any information that you submit to a third party would be subject to the policies of that party.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
How does Snapfish use Customer Information?}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Our primary goal in collecting your Customer Information is to provide you with a personalized, relevant, user-friendly experience. Here are the ways we use Customer Information to enhance this experience:}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Complete a Transaction: We use Customer Information to complete a transaction requested by you or perform after-sales services.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 We also may use this information to keep track of your purchases or notify you of any product or service that we believe may be of interest to you. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Customer Communication: We use Customer Information to communicate with you and we consider this communication to be an integral part of the Snapfish Service.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 We use your email, mailing address and mobile number to inform you of Site improvements, feature announcements, newsletters, Snapfish promotional offers, and occasional third-party promotional offers that may be of interest to you. We use mobile phone numbers to share pictures to mobile phones or to enable access to customer accounts from mobile phones. Only Snapfish (or agents working on behalf of Snapfish under confidentiality agreements) will send you these mailings or use your mobile phone numbers for these purposes. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Customer Satisfaction: We use Customer Information to make your Snapfish experience enjoyable.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 For example, because we know who you are after you log in, we can present you with the right set of albums in your password-protected account. We also know where to email you to let you know your photos are ready for viewing online. In addition, we may use your photos in emails we send to you to inspire you to explore old or discover new creative ideas.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Social Media: We may use Customer Information to connect you with external applications, such as social media web sites or platforms. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Customer Convenience: We use Customer Information to provide you with the convenience of easy access to the services you request.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 We may collect information during the shopping experience to make purchasing an easier and better experience for you. For example, if you give us permission to keep your billing information, you won't have to fill out the shipping and billing address each and every time you purchase. For a merchandise purchase, we will ask for final confirmation before charging your credit card. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
With whom does Snapfish share Customer Information?}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Snapfish shares Customer Information with third party intermediaries (for example, credit card authorization companies, photo processing labs, merchandise distributors, vendors processing our outbound email communication, etc.) who help us run the Snapfish Service and Site. Your Customer Information is provided to these third parties solely for the purpose of providing you the services you request at the time that you request them. Third party intermediaries do not store, retain, access or otherwise use your Customer Information other than as necessary to provide you with the Snapfish Service. In the case where Snapfish operates a "co-branded" website or marketing initiative with a Partner, which may be a third party that is joining Snapfish on a customer offer, then Snapfish reserves the right to share basic information such as email address and other contact information with the Partner. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We may disclose Customer Information to a third party to (a) comply with laws or respond to lawful requests and legal process, (b) to protect Snapfish, and our agents, customers, and others from legal claims or actions, including claims of fraud or to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or (c) in the good faith belief that disclosure is needed to respond to an emergency, or protect the personal safety of any person. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
From time to time, the Site may include collaboration features that by their nature support sharing Customer Information with Invitees that you identify. Those users can see your name, email address, information you add to your profile, and any files you choose to share; and they can post comments and email you.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We may share Customer Information in connection with an acquisition, merger, or sale of all or a substantial portion of our business, with or to another company. In any such event, you will receive notice if your Customer Information is transferred and becomes subject to a substantially different privacy policy. In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the Customer Information collected via the Site.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We may have to share your Customer Information with unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain the Site and provide other administrative services to us (including, but not limited to providing customer service, maintaining and analyzing data, sending customer communications on our behalf, and entry collection, winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests, sweepstakes and other promotions). We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the Customer Information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Other than as described in the previous paragraphs, Snapfish will not sell, rent or otherwise share Customer Information with a third party without your knowledge and consent. If you do not want your Customer Information shared in such an instance we will provide you with the option of telling us not to share it.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Who sees your photos after they have been posted online? }
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You, your Invitees and their Invitees can see your albums online. An "Invitee" is defined as anyone who is invited to the Site to see an album. Anyone who is invited to see an album online must provide an email address and a password to access the Site and view a shared album. When you choose to share your online images with Invitees, those individuals will be able to view your album. If you don't want your Invitees to invite other people to see the album, you can restrict their ability to do so on the album invitation. That will prohibit them from re-sharing the album from within their account on the Site. However, as with any email, your Invitees could forward the email invitation to others, who will then be able to click on the link to the album within the email, and see the pictures too.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Snapfish employees or employees of partner companies that provide services to Snapfish may see your photos while they printed and packaged. In addition, your photos or personal account information may be seen by Snapfish employees or service providers in order to evaluate, validate, or correct problems with your account.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Does Snapfish send text messages?}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Yes! By using the Site and providing your mobile phone number, you hereby consent to receive autodialed and/or pre-recorded text messages from or on behalf of us at the mobile number that you provide at sign-up. You understand that consent to receiving messages on your mobile device is not a condition of purchase and understand that message and data rates may apply. Additionally, should you choose to stop receiving such messages, you can contact us directly at }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:support@snapfish.com" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
support@snapfish.com}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 or reply STOP to a text messages once it is received. However, you hereby consent to receiving a confirmatory message in response to your STOP request.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Does Snapfish use non-personally identifiable information? }
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Yes, Snapfish uses non-personally identifiable information as follows:}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
IP Addresses:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 An IP address is literally your computer's address and is a unique identifier, allowing online information to be sent to the right place. We use IP addresses to better understand the customer database. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information such as geographic distribution of our members. We do not intentionally link your IP address to your personally identifiable information.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Snapfish Cookies:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The job of a cookie is to record only information you volunteer to us upon registering or visiting the site. Cookies are tiny files placed onto the hard drive of your computer the first time you visit the Site that enable our server to recognize or "remember" who you are next time you come back. Snapfish cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information. Currently, Snapfish intends to make only limited use of cookies for the purpose of delivering content and ads specific to your interests. For instance cookies may be used to retain your personal preferences, hold session information for a "shopping cart" or save your password so it doesn't have to be re-entered each time you log in.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs20\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Advice on Limiting Cookies:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 You have a choice with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you can accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set or reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to use certain services. Please consult your browser instructions for information on how to modify your choices about cookies.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs):}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 We use a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs) to help us better manage content on the Site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of Web users. Clear gifs are not tied to users' personally identifiable information.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Non Personally Identifiable Information used through Affiliate Programs.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Snapfish uses clear gifs in combination with cookies to support affiliate programs administered by 3rd party companies. These programs allow other web services to offer special Snapfish deals to their customers. When a customer signs-up for the Snapfish service via an affiliate link on a non-Snapfish web site, we display a clear gif which causes a cookie to be passed to the 3rd party administrator for accounting purposes.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
That means, for example, that if a person visited "www.companyX.com" and from "www.companyX.com" clicked on a "Sign-up for Snapfish" link and completed the Snapfish sign-up process, we would display a clear gif causing a cookie to be transferred to the affiliate program administrator. This cookie contains an ID number that tells the 3rd party administrator that a new user was sent to Snapfish from "www.companyX.com" The clear gif and the cookie are not tied to users' personally identifiable information.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
HTML Newsletters}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If users would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Opt-out section.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Device Identifiers}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line When you access the service through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store such device identifiers as "universally unique identifiers (UUID)". These are small data files stored on or associated with your mobile device. This may be used to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation of the Snapfish Service.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What are the safeguards and security procedures in place to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration?}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Your Customer Information on the Snapfish Service is password-protected. We strongly recommend that you do not give your password to anyone and that you change it every 3 months. You may edit your Snapfish account information by using your Snapfish member name and password.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
If you are using a public computer (public library, school computer, etc.) or a shared computer (family computer, roommate's computer, etc.), we strongly recommend that you sign out of your Snapfish account and close your browser before getting up and moving away from the computer. This will prevent others from accessing your account and personal information. Please note that because our company is particularly sensitive to protecting information about children on the Internet, kids under 13 are not eligible to be members of Snapfish. However, we encourage parents to use our service as a family activity with their children and to carefully monitor any Internet activities (including use of the Snapfish Service) engaged in by their kids. Snapfish employs SSL - a specialized encryption and security technology -- to protect your Customer Information. We understand that this is especially important when there is an exchange of credit card, billing and password information. In addition, we limit access of Customer Information to only those employees who need it to carry out their jobs.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Snapfish will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call, an unsolicited email, or SMS.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 You will only be asked for your member name and password when you initiate the contact and only if the member name and password are necessary to correct a service problem.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
How can you update or correct Customer Information?}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Customer Information that you provide during registration is available in your Snapfish online account. To edit your Customer Information, you must enter your email address and password to access your account. You may edit your account information at any time.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You can also cancel your Snapfish membership by contacting support@snapfish.com. If you request cancellation of your account, Snapfish may (but is not required to) remove any and all content (photos) or other personal information from the Site, and your photos may not be accessible to you even if you choose to rejoin or reactivate your account at a later date. Information necessary for the purposes of maintaining business records regarding a cancelled account, including records of credit transactions and account ownership, will be retained in accordance with applicable law.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What about International visitors or transfers of information? }
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
If you choose to provide us with your Customer Information, Snapfish may transfer that information to affiliates, partners, or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your Customer Information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your Customer Information you consent to:}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283{\listtext\pard\plain \dbch\af6\dbch\af6\loch\f6 \u8226\'95\tab}\ilvl1\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx1414\li1414\ri0\lin1414\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8226\'95 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
the use of your Customer Information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy; and \line \line \u8226\'95 the transfer of your Customer Information to the United States as indicated above. }
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "#top" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Back to the top}}}}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\ltrsect\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Other Information for our visitors:}
\par \sect\sectd\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn567\margtsxn567\margbsxn567\pgndec\sbknone\pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Links from the Snapfish Site:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 If you leave the Site to visit the site of any third party advertiser or sponsor, you may be asked for your credit card or other personal information in order to purchase or use products and services offered. These companies have their own privacy and data collection practices. As described above, Snapfish has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. You should therefore review their privacy policies carefully if you have concerns about how your information may be used.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
How We Respond To Do Not Track Signals:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Please note that the Site does not support "Do Not Track" browser settings and we do not currently participate in any "Do Not Track" frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your information.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Notification of Change:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 If we are going to use your Customer Information in a manner that is materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will notify you of the change. In some cases where we post the notice, we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Choice of Law & Arbitration: }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This Privacy Policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, in the United States, exclusive of its choice of law rules. Further, except where prohibited, you agree that: (1) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of your use of this Privacy Policy will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and shall be submitted to the alternative dispute resolution service, JAMS, for binding arbitration under its rules then in effect in the California area and determined by one (1) arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties, with the parties agreeing to share equally in the arbitration costs; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with use of the Snapfish web site and services, but in no event attorneys' fees; and (3) under no circumstances will you be permitted to obtain awards for, and, by using the Snapfish web site and services, you waive all rights to claim, indirect, punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. Please note that this arbitration provision shall survive the termination of your relationship with us. If, for any reason, this arbitration provision is not upheld, the exclusive forum and venue to resolve any disputes arising out of or otherwise relating to this Privacy Policy or the Snapfish web site or services will be in the state and federal courts of California.}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cs19\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Contacting Snapfish:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at:}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Snapfish Privacy\line 303 Second Street\line South Tower, Suite 500\line San Francisco, CA 94107}
\par \pard\plain \s29\sb0\sa283\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa283{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://support.snapfish.com/cgi-bin/snapfish.cfg/php/xml_api/cci/answer_redirect.php?p_answer_label=customerservice&brand=3&brandHost=www1.snapfish.com" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Customer Service}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par }